Adding stablespread ref impl (#98)
UMAprotocol/UMIPs: UMIPs/umip-28.md

Voters are responsible for determining if the result of this process differs from broad market consensus. This is meant to be vague as $UMA tokenholders are responsible for defining broad market consensus.
 
This is only a reference implementation, how one queries the exchanges should be varied and determined by the voter to ensure that there is no central point of failure.

> As an example of how one may go about cosntructing such a feed programatically, here is one that was put together as a standalone script with minimal deps: https://gist.github.com/chicfilabae/3dff8aef233e4b9e5315daa7a835867d. As always, double-check the implementation as well as include additional measures for reliability to ensure reasonable assumptions around when the graph or cryptowatch isn't available. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example of how one may go about constructing such a feed programmatically, here is one that was put together as a standalone script with minimal dependencies: https://gist.github.com/chicfilabae/3dff8aef233e4b9e5315daa7a835867d. As always, double-check the implementation as well as include additional measures for reliability to ensure reasonable assumptions around when the graph or Cryptowatch isn't available. 
```

Author: Fixed.
